README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/rtn--070-lsst.io-brightgreen.svg
   :target: https://rtn-070.lsst.io
.. image:: https://github.com/lsst/rtn-070/workflows/CI/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/lsst/rtn-070/actions/

######################
RTN-070 Hiring Recipes
######################

Quick reference guide for Rubin Hiring Managers, with how-to's for each step of the recruitment process that bring in best practices in inclusive hiring. 

Status
======

This technote is currently in its "beta" state, accepting feedback from some "beta tester" current Rubin hiring managers, and also the members of the 2024 Joint Operations Review (JOR2024) panel.

- Version: 0.2
- Date: 2024-04-05
- Comment: Distributed for beta testing and JOR review  
- Owner: Bob Blum


Links
=====

- Live, commentable source: `RTN-070 Google doc <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FrwxO9Z0XS46gvEPq1E0Md9i8_e8Gxha2RD1djquGXY/edit>`_
- Publication URL: https://rtn-070.lsst.io



Editing this Technote
=====================

You can make modifications in "suggesting mode" to the Google doc linked above.
Then, you should update the status line in the README and submit a pull request.
When your suggestions have been accepted, merge the PR. 
The published technote at https://rtn-070.lsst.io will be automatically rebuilt when your pull request is merged into the ``main`` branch on `GitHub <https://github.com/lsst/rtn-070>`_.

Commit message:

Note on editing the .tex file with updates to title or author list

README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/rtn--070-lsst.io-brightgreen.svg
   :target: https://rtn-070.lsst.io
.. image:: https://github.com/lsst/rtn-070/workflows/CI/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/lsst/rtn-070/actions/

######################
RTN-070 Hiring Recipes
######################

Quick reference guide for Rubin Hiring Managers, with how-to's for each step of the recruitment process that bring in best practices in inclusive hiring. 

Status
======

This technote is currently in its "beta" state, accepting feedback from some "beta tester" current Rubin hiring managers, and also the members of the 2024 Joint Operations Review (JOR2024) panel.

- Version: 0.2
- Date: 2024-04-05
- Comment: Distributed for beta testing and JOR review  
- Owner: Bob Blum


Links
=====

- Live, commentable source: `RTN-070 Google doc <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FrwxO9Z0XS46gvEPq1E0Md9i8_e8Gxha2RD1djquGXY/edit>`_
- Publication URL: https://rtn-070.lsst.io



Editing this Technote
=====================

You can make modifications in "suggesting mode" to the Google doc linked above.
Then, you should update the status line in the README to summarize your proposed changes (and potentially also modify the .tex file, if the title or author list is involved), and submit a pull request.
When your suggestions have been accepted, merge the PR. 
The published technote at https://rtn-070.lsst.io will be automatically rebuilt when your pull request is merged into the ``main`` branch on `GitHub <https://github.com/lsst/rtn-070>`_.
